here what's going on guys it's Pat and
welcome back to season eight of
Minecraft epic proportion oh my god
captain cookie is fighting my
girlfriends why is this happening I do
stop hitting her what's going on I don't
know captain cookie cookie stop it
that's your girlfriend yes it is
Oh No I'm gonna kill her I just got her
to captain cookie what are you doing
this is so wrong alright teleport away
okay so follow you all right I'm trying
I'm trying going to this guy castle
alright is she here yeah okay that's
fine
he's mad today my god he's insane oh so
anyways guys really we did not plan that
I don't know what happened is really
there no this is what I'm thinking I'm
thinking she must have tried to hit the
other girlfriend
and then she hit him with a shoe
accident no that's probably what
happened so he got mad don't mess with
Captain cookie girlfriend yeah I don't
do that
anyways guys who do this series we have
thoughts a gust of cool stuff you won't
see at other channels so be sure to hit
that subscribe on our John okay uh run
come on we got these stabs last time oh
you hit me with this man can't you
alright man she's on fire
Oh Jim oh sorry it's okay
alright final thing we kill this thing
Oh oh yeah believe the captain's help
this is bad
always watch yard is coming and watching
I'm backing up hold on I have health
potions oh so do I alright so I still
have some golden apples so we're doing
good it's I think it's escaping mattis
just let it escape where are you going
it escaped
no we need no drops the Mantis claws are
you think we're ready for yet though
yeah this has been a catastrophe of a
start today
what do you even fight this day it's
almost 10:00 work not ready for it we're
not ready for this at all okay captain
cookie help us here it'd be nice
he's useless he won't help us with
anything important all right don't worry
it's low on health good it's killing
everything in the area
almost got it Oh dead it's dead oh it's
dead yeah I don't even know where you
are I'm a mantis don't hit me okay lunch
I'm all good I'm really proud of you
good job so yeah we have a lot of custom
stuff in the series I think I said
subscribe but on you guys you guys got
the picture there is my girlfriend okay
or did she die from that oh well she's
your girlfriend by the way no I think
she's still at the castle okay so that
yours was 2.0 correct yes she's gone
she's she's dead what are we on Episode
five four something now
lost two girlfriends already how do I
look you look beautiful
I don't you have really nice tentacles
they're not tentacles and tannaz all
right not octopus I'm so yeah guys off
today I was thinking about this before
we started I want to find an area for
the fence and if you're new to the
series basically we always have an area
that is for the fans we'd love to have
you guys as part of it so we're gonna
put up names and on signs and stuff so
we need a really awesome spa yes we do
you are a lion still yeah you got a
problem with that give me a line the
whole series I might maybe I might be a
line the whole time so see what's going
on today
captain cookie is out here in the open
with us dad let me switch back so Mike
what am i doing Sonne by night so I need
to get a new girlfriend I really liked
her too okay all their stuff is over
here I got all their shoes oh also
captain cookie you want to search
dungeons for a fan ssin you can't even
save mansion correctly it's fashion all
right
it's work I made lot by coin that word
myself anyways I found this ninja school
he is going to turn me into a ninja
ladies be coming running to me soon no
you don't think so no definitely not
oh by the way I got these game
controllers from one the boy
friends died Oh Oh gift for you this is
your girlfriend she had quite the shoe
collection
thank you we need to make a graveyard
soon oh you know what people said
actually why this is a while back you
know about Lion King area yes on that
spot people said to use that as like the
new Tower of fail from two seasons ago
okay let's do it
it wasn't pretty it was pretty famished
it was the whole place was I'm gonna
check out the ninja place anyway okay
so we were here the other day which was
last time this awkward position he's in
really awkward hello what are you doing
such an awkward position as we're
walking with your face what's wrong with
his face look at my screen oh it looks a
little messed up I guess you read a
little bit he's fine though so let's see
what's going on he said you two tiny
people want to take on those dungeons
hahahaha oh you're serious
I saw the two of you here before and
assumed you were trying to hide only a
ninja could sneak into those buildings
you massage my back I massage yours
that's not happening I think that's how
the saying goes it is right yes you
massage I don't think it's massage
massage obviously I can make you a few
ninja stars scratch sorry scratch it's
yours you scratch my back I'll scratch
yours
yes all right all right we got this all
right hey so I can make you a few ninja
stars but it will cost you if you search
around you should be able to find other
dojos like this dojo this is the dojo
we're in okay it's yeah it's a ninja in
the area where you may be able to get a
katana that will be needed cool
all right so basically this guy he's
sort of helping us out does he have like
a stomachache or something is he
constipated I don't know I don't know
possibly possibly he's pretty cool
looking though he is all right Sophia oh
my god I don't even realize I got four
diamonds from that mantis oh you did oh
hey I have some to hold on I think I
have to oh you have two diamonds two
diamonds we can make something oh I'm
thinking I'm just gonna right now I'm
gonna I'm gonna get eight ninja stars
from the dude how's that sound all right
yeah that sounds good
okay so just climb up every wall to this
chess plate I have alright anyway so
apparently we are heading out we got to
find more areas like this so we can get
ninja stuff never going to be ready for
the dungeon the sun's going down
we're gonna sleep we probably should we
really never do I think last season we
actually didn't sleep the whole time so
I'm thinking today we start sleeping
hello
oh whoa he's here amazing you seriously
are like good ninja he's back look at me
now King captain ninja cookie I'm
starting to think my name is getting too
long what is it his head his crown I
think oh oh yeah he looks cool you do he
really is a ninja oh by the way we had a
challenge last time and you guys voted
on who brought back the best pet i won
seriously haha
how could you not know that how could
you not know you brought a boyfriend as
an exotic pet that's pretty exotic wait
am a more if I can't sleep it's a I know
you can yawn mark okay sorry
I'm Simone laying in bed I can't fall
asleep having a bad night alright
alright we almost see this night soon
okay okay there we go
so this is our chance at golden apple
cow and I'm gonna name it Mui wait
where's the boyfriends oh he's
downstairs I fixed us all off okay so
that's t that's muy the boyfriend I
don't even know how he got down there so
I just kind of left him down there Oh
offensive men yeah you can't leave oh
okay he looks too sturdy creepy a little
bit Oh should we name him I'm not gonna
name he'll die now here we'll die all
right
anyway so we gotta head out we need to
find some stops so we can be prepared I
love the kitchen area could we just go
to the old home yes we can I get heard
something dying like as I left where is
my girlfriend seriously I don't know
what yes dead I guess no she's gonna let
Bertha doesn't die okay she survives
so this is Warren do jam we are gonna
search out and look for some of those
structures honestly guys this is a
costume series but I have no idea where
they are but I know they spawn somewhat
often so hopefully we'll find one wait
for me sorry you're too excited too fast
Oh
just I'm like lagging on media going
here right now all right
you're right let's go the movies - The
Lion King it's not gonna happen why
there's actually there was another
failure now you tried to catch the lion
dude and now he's gone forever and I
killed the movie addicted fan here all
right so let's just wait why this right
now this seal it movie's a fail Peter a
fail that's much better
this beats last season I dollar season I
think I'm just gonna name it Lion fail
lion fail yes that's a good name I'll
take that all right so yeah we're
heading off heading off into the world
there's so many structures around - we
gotta check stuff out and possibly find
a new fan shin it's gonna start the next
couple episodes guys who leave a
government whoever governments might end
out in the Panchen I've seen who shot it
be it wasn't me it's a skeleton it was
it was the skeleton is the skeleton it
wasn't you it wasn't me what is this
so go really broken-down house potato
structures oh no I'm getting attacked
this is not very nice what's wrong with
this place
do you like to live here it's ruins I'm
thinking we put captain cookie in there
oh we should this is his new home oh I
see a hat oh my god oh my god it's a
little cat you're just gonna burn it
well that even work did it count
oh no I didn't count how could you be
sad by at least you know what I have
cooked chicken oh yes I know what
what is this is serious I believe I have
found the best better dungeon structure
there is plus another Lion King
structure you did a ticket line this
toll line oh yay he's alive that is
wonderful
oh you know what there might be more
parts of his suit in here oh I don't
know if you want this dad what is it her
hobbies is chess playing the lion oh my
god I need it I need it give it to me
all right hold on how are you pretty
soon you're gonna have the full set I
don't think this gives you any armor
you're just gonna die from everything
thank you I'll put that on here you can
have my chest plate you don't need it
anyway I don't need it when you look
like this seriously is it neat
I have knock there I don't know there's
some cool structures door but yet I
found the best one ever I think wait
there's so much stuff around here I know
I love the plains look at this is that
not the most isn't that the structure
don't like the Comi Papa Roach's we
think we can have them again oh there's
a Lego hat if you want it oh boy did I
get the man just go I never used it I
didn't even put that on oh yeah I need
another weapon all I have is the spire
staff because my stolen ticket diamonds
are all yours now
oh thank you okay so I think this is the
show this is this has to be at right for
the fan ssin or something
um it's gotta be that's gotta be it yeah
we okay so we need to find no other
choice that's it that's it that is it oh
by the way I think I actually see the
ninja structure you do oh good I think
is it is it look similar to other one
sort of I think it said yes it is cuz it
has like all this like fence in front
okay all right okay oh yeah here we go
what do we get okay stealing its ninja
stories just ours I've been even thrown
mine why don't you take half of those a
ninja robe I need this too hope it's
tough are you gonna pay I'm dating all
of these let's see we can actually make
swords I think wait which way it looks
cooler look at me look at me right now
okay oh I'm a ninja lying Punk yo my god
this is epic I don't even know what to
say
all right so let's collect this stuff
for now and we'll get back and we're
gonna be ninjas by the end of this
episode any hats around
I don't need new hats all I have is one
I only have the baby turtle hat
I do have an idea for the Hat yo yo yo
sup sorry how much are you talking to me
right now yeah why are you talking to
oh okay so we need to make a waypoint to
this structure so we just know it's here
okay walk sure um hi Ness what
yeah it's hi mare oh yeah that makes
sense if you haven't seen it guys it's
amazing trust me you can't see it from
here it looks like tiny but it's
actually freaking massive
and it's a structure from Dragon Ball Z
so it's so cool so we're gonna need to
get caught me and Popo up there again
wasn't easy from what I remember it's
pretty difficult that was a challenge in
itself all right so let's stay near the
water and see if we get design oh look
at that awesome boo oh oh there's a
bunch yeah
there's two pirate ships captain chill
Donny would like that you think you'd
want to live in a pirate ship you might
want to what about a tree house I don't
think so
doesn't seem hem now I'm looking for
hats I don't even see any oh oh that's
scary monsters I'll be honest that
really scared me babbling all right
let's go in here oh I see another ninja
structure No
yeah I can't get in here what am i it's
cuz you're one of the tree V oh they
don't you think they'd fit they're
almost out sideways I'm trying I'm
trying to get in here all right so let's
see hopefully we'll be something up here
we can actually use oh all right I'm
coming
I can't even tell what's real and what's
not just really embarrassed just loot
this the chest is there anything going
in there there's some oh there's a
poison sword really yeah really that
must be rare for this structure you can
have it I can have the poison sword
since you wanted to go up here it's all
yours oh that makes sense that's
acceptable in my eyes okay I'm drinking
the flowerpots those okay okay to the
flower pot sauce I'm thinking this would
because we actually need more wood oh
this poison sword is good Chad you know
what I have the Mantis claw
why don't you take the Mantis claw and
do all we actually give me the diamond
sword okay what's that back all right
hold on diamond sword all right so this
is what you're gonna do a wield you're
gonna do a wield man to scroll iron
sword so that should be good right thank
you
so I can poison a nummies and hand with
my diamond sword that's gonna be that's
awesome I'm excited now me too so you
said you found another ninja structure
yes I let's check it out where is it
is that it wait hold on I'm still
climbing down what happened to it oh no
the termites must have gotten to it oh
there's so many - oh is that Golden
Apple cows Oh get that all right oh is
this the termites I might have found the
termite nest oh you actually need this I
hate those things
so guys if you don't know that's for one
of the dimensions so we can't Oh Oh had
time had time Oh what has
you see pillar hats I know you wouldn't
want that no it's all mine all mine I
guess we cannot oh look you block the
first of the season
oh okay all right please be good all
right please all right where are you I'm
right here come watch I'm watching open
it it's a chest ooh that could be good
oh my god oh my god this is the best
ever
Superman says that's amazing oh my
goodness this is unbelievable the walk
on this is crazy man there's three chest
blades not the whole set three chest
waist one for me one for you one for
khaki cap for cookie so you gonna call
him from now on this call I'm cookie
wait a second wait I should put this on
what am i doing can I fly with this herb
said drop my pants I dropped them don't
worry I can fly oh hey you're right
oh my god Oh No Jen sneeze be all the
way how did the world oh my god wait I
can fly fly way too fast I don't think I
can wear this thing dude I can't control
myself hon say okay where you are you
sneezed me across the world but
superhuman strength my sneezes are very
powerful oh my god what the speed is
quicker than it should be actually I'm
not even moving and it's moving me all
right I'm gonna take something on this
off I'm just gonna put on my ninja robe
it's ninja day
hey is ninja day anyways okay right
let's get inside this ninja house all
right so oh my god what there would have
been a chest here but they turned it
into stone I think oh man the right
house eat where are you that's the wrong
house oh oh it's embarrassing okay
okay what is this then well what is his
place I'm even looking at
I don't know where I am I don't know
what you doing oh yeah I could once you
sneeze and I went flying across the
world it was all downhill from there
right come in the ninja house okay I was
like how did they turn to snow cone a
fasiq even think seconds
okay what's it here oh no all right so
I'm gonna take the legs you could have
everything else the thing is it's isn't
even exciting after getting the Superman
stocking Oh like it would have been
really exciting but up
we're freaking Superman oh yeah yeah
like a beast
oh yeah alright so there's only one
thing we could do to all and finish this
okay what is it
weapons weapon that's right we need
something cool alright so why go back to
the house and craft it
yes no the old house the old house it
has a crafting table and it's lonely
really about me so let's see what can we
actually make I have no idea so I would
put some stuff down am i doing something
awesome okay so we should be able to
make gitanos I would think so let me see
how do you make these so views this it
is going to be your golden gets no I
think I have some I've six actually is
that enough no it should be okay so use
this the wrong button I'm gonna get this
you could do it I'm actually a
professional crafter if you didn't know
I saw one there so both of us need a
katana yes we want to be a ninja
obviously I sell there and to katanas
yay yeah we upgrade these though we can
make a legendary katana if we add two
more steel I want a legendary katana or
this might be better we can make special
like elemental katanas Oh which ones can
we actually make though I'm trying to
say can we make any of these um oh we
have a bucket if we get a bucket in a
feather we can get the air katana if we
get dirt and seeds earth katana Oh s
oops yo sorry about there your voice I
you're a violent person I saw a feather
somewhere I can't remember where I was
it didn't you have one you were killing
chickens like browsing alright got one
of these things oh yeah I need to kill a
chicken hold on alright I want it what
is it an air katate air catotti you're
not that one that one could be all yours
so let me see let me some room I don't
even need that also let me could I need
besides a feather a bucket I have it
already okay okay so how do we make this
it was like BAM and then we
in the dirt oh yeah earth katana
chickens where are you dry feathers I'm
not trying to check bio feathers oh he
did I do I have a better of course is
that all we needed
that's all we need okay I'm sorry you're
nowhere it's not me it's his evil mouse
it's possessed by demons our earth or
air you choose air are you sure I'm sure
you can't no take-backs
I'm positive air is really amazing just
so you know I've used these before
thank you oh I didn't even you know what
I didn't even use a ninja star but I
want to so I can do a wheel I'm sorry
I'm sorry that's expensive we're saving
up okay we could use these with um I'm
trying to say without scooting there's a
bunch of cool things we can make but I
think we're pretty much ninjas now oh
yeah all right check this out stand
right there what are you gonna do out at
school right we can I hate you at mine
with a sword yes I know what it does and
I can you we do any other water yes can
we do it in the water no
yeah we could do it in the water right
how about just right here right here
it's fine okay I do it are you ready
yeah oh my oh my god it's amazing I'm so
epic all right so I'm pretty sure this
one just poisons really bad right yeah
all right that is called we're ninjas
all right we have to do something with
this right we have to we have to destroy
something we definitely do I don't think
we have enough time for a dungeon boss
what if we go suck I will find something
all sigh something's go sorts of stuff
around oh you know what I think there
might have been something near the
structure of highness all right so all
right hold on I believe they're wise I'm
looking I could be wrong I really don't
know there's gotta be something around
here or we can just jump into one of
those structures if we have to we could
should we let's just do it just jump
right into one jump into one right now
right over here we're following you I
see you okay I'm thinking amazing like
the amazing palace okay Oh Oh what
nothing give me that oh man do you see a
hat it's all so good
what hat was it was it a cream
perhaps oh my god it's my favorite one
oh I love this one so much alright so
how about to the palace okay let's go
that's at least test this out and then
you guys can leave a comment where do
you want the fancy to be I'm thinking
the high structure we could use the
palace - it's pretty cool I've seen all
these before in the past the palace is
too big it's cool though it is cool oh
my god is sword is amazing
hit him Jen okay oh he's go get him off
look oh my god
oh oh that is so sick I love it we got I
had to do a wheel but this this has got
to be like I wanted to be my main sword
I think meets you I don't care if it
does less attack damage the poison I
think it's a lot stronger than the
poison on this one I'm dual wielding
poison swords come on I'm hungry I'm
afraid of nothing nothing skeleton
I'm kill me seriously I'm coming dad
alright cool cool this worked out well I
love these weapons so guys I think we're
gonna end it here next time we're gonna
capture one of these dawn jeans for the
fan shin and yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed if you did definitely crush the
like button and subscribe and remember
we are ninjas cookies gonna be so
jealous
his name's cookie now yeah he does but
he does have his own cookie thing on his
head it's not a cookie bag what is it
but he's his own cowl oh yeah he does
look pretty cool but nowhere near skulls
we do nowhere near school stretch with
his hat on anyways guys we'll see you
next time peace out peace out guys
you